docs: progress bar (#63779)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/visualizations/progress-bar.md

## How to create a progress bar

> ### Data shape for the progress bar

Reviewer: Do we need this second heading?

<img width="647" height="164" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df3c0d5e-6ba9-4539-950b-13382776b8f6" />

To create a progress bar you'll need:

> - A query that returns a single row with one or more numeric columns, like "Sum of order quantity". Progress bar doesn't work with breakouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A query that returns a single row with one or more numeric columns, like "Sum of order quantity". Progress bars don't work with breakouts.
```

  | Sum of Quantity | Average Quantity | Max Quantity |
  | --------------- | ---------------- | ------------ |
  | 4910            | 17.32            | 173          |

- A goal value. The goal value can be a positive number or a value from another column in the same query, see [Set progress bar goal](#set-progress-bar-goal).

  The goal is set in the [chart options](#progress-bar-options).

  ![Progress bar KPI](../images/progress-bar-elements.png)

> ### Create a progress bar

Author: adding this because couple of days ago someone complained that the article doesn't actually say how to create a viz

Once you built the query that returns data in the appropriate shape, you can create a progress bar:

1. Visualize the query results.

>    By default, Metabase might display them as a table or big number, but you can switch the visualization type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, Metabase might display results as a table or a number, but you can switch the visualization type.
```

> 2. While viewing a visualization, click on on the **Visualization** button in the bottom left of the screen and switch visualization to **Progress**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. While viewing a visualization, click the **Visualization** button in the bottom left of the screen and switch visualization to **Progress**.
```
No on (palindrome).

> 3. To set the bar's goal and metric, click on the **gear** icon in the bottom left to open the settings sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To set the bar's goal and metric, click the **gear** icon in the bottom left to open the settings sidebar.
```
